[ApiScenario] update doc (#18424)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: documentation/api-scenario/how-to/generateABasicApiScenario.md

`oav` support rule based API scenario file generation. We use this command to generate API scenario file.

`oav generate-api-scenario static --readme <readme> --tag <tag> --specs <specs> --rules <generated-rules>`

OR

`oav generate-api-scenario static --readme <readme> --tag <tag> --specs <specs> --dependency <dependency-path>`

- readme: swagger readme file.
- tag: which tag to generate. oav will analyze swagger file under the tag and generate API scenario.
- specs: one or more spec file paths. type: array.

> - dependency: The file path of the RESTler dependency. It conflicts with `rules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dependency: The file path of the RESTler dependency. It cannot be used together with `rules`.
```
